what's up everybody's fever gaming here
bringing you another amazing video as
you can tell ladies and gentlemen look
at this background really cool right
make sure to follow me on instagram
ayperi gaming I have cool pictures as
well just stop promoting there but today
I'm bringing you a special special
special unboxing on the what does it
call the gold wireless stereo headset
for the PlayStation console for PS Vita
ps3 and the PlayStation 4 so I did have
one of these unfortunately it did broke
carelessness that sort of thing but I
think it a brand new one from Amazon so
check it out if you're in check out
on Amazon really cool I love this
headset when I did have it so with that
what I'm gonna do let's go ahead and box
it so let's take here I did not bring a
knife give me one second
with the power of the internet and
editing I was able to remove it so let's
go ahead and remove this top here as you
can tell we have another box so we can
remove it awesome
get this out let's see oh let's not
break the box box broken so we have
greatness awaits really cool intro right
there oh let's see here just remove the
the bottom here are you guys ready for
this I'm not sure we ready
well you know thanks again for watching
my come subscribe okay fine fine Allen
bar said I don't bought this just for
you
look at this we're introduced about the
PlayStation logo right there right and
then further on we do have the headset
itself so I don't even know where to
start let's start with the boring stuff
the manuals and all that so let's see if
I can remove it there's absolutely
nothing inside I don't even know why
they even have that cool beans okay that
was a that was waste let's get this
headset the most important aspect of it
and kind of inspect you a little bit
this out check this out let's see all
right I'm over here got it I got you
guys I got you almost there and release
so here we have the headset itself a
little closer and look we have the
PlayStation logo with the buttons right
there in the bottom same thing on the
other side PlayStation logo and the
buttons and the nice thing about these
ones that you can kind of fold them
around so you can have them much more
secured on the go right and the
microphone is actually built-in on the
headset itself so you know you have an
extension or anything like that which I
did have the other one the first
wireless headset that Sony had so this
is really cool and then right here in
the bottom is that's where we will
charge it and also where you put the 3.5
millimeter jack to connect it to your
Vita or to whatever it is you want to
listen to so really cool let's sit down
on the side and let's get what else we
get in this lovable thing so we do get
more stuff we get this mysterious box I
don't know if I should open it all
though okay let's go for it alright
inside the box oh you get sure enough a
nice little traveling case for it's a
little back right you know nothing too
special or the only cool thing give it
to you get out of the way and you want
to have this little little casing here
all day so you can go ahead and you know
put your headset in and on the way you
go simple really cool that they have
this for itself so we have the manual
itself just kind of tells you well this
is a headset and this is how it works
then we have the nice little 3.5
millimeter jack so you can listen to
your tunes and go
or watch the fever gaming on your
PlayStation Vita or ps4 then we have the
nice little micro USB easy on the go
easy charge plug and play and it's a go
and then what else more instructions
about the headset itself nothing too
special there and I believe it's a last
but not least the USB dongle which is
what you'll connect to your PlayStation
3 for or your PC so you can you know get
that correlation you hear that
wirelessly so really cool just to recap
all this stuff pouring stuff box and the
headset its sound look at that
cancellation I can't hear you guys I
don't know oh I can't hear you just
kidding
whatever these guys have you enjoyed
this video make sure to read come
subscribe if you're a new guy or lady as
well if you are a continued subscriber
please feel free to check out my other
content there's new concert coming up
and I'll catch you guys on the next one